= localFoamToTecplot360 =

This is an adaptation of <tt>foamToTecplot360</tt> from the original [http://www.openfoam.org OpenFOAM(R)], designed for those using the [http://www.openfoam.org/download/ Debian/RPM] installation packages of OpenFOAM. This adaptation in no way supported by the original authors and trademark holders, namely:
* OPENFOAM and OpenCFD are registered trademarks of OpenCFD Ltd (ESI Group).
* Tecplot is a registered trademark of Tecplot, Inc.

Most of the original sources used in this [https://github.com/wyldckat/localFoamToTecplot360 repository], have been retrieved from:
* [https://github.com/OpenFOAM/OpenFOAM-2.1.x]
* [https://github.com/OpenFOAM/ThirdParty-2.1.x]
* [https://github.com/OpenFOAM/OpenFOAM-2.0.x]
* [https://github.com/OpenFOAM/ThirdParty-2.0.x]
* [https://github.com/OpenCFD/OpenFOAM-1.7.x]


= License =
The code contained in this repository is following the same license as OpenFOAM, namely the GNU General Public License v3.


= Installation =
'''Note''': The code available in this repository has only been tested on Linux and is not intended to be used on Mac OS X and Windows. Nonetheless, further adaptations may be  put into place when the time comes.

There are two ways of downloading and installing this code:
* [https://github.com/wyldckat/localFoamToTecplot360#using-git Using Git]
* [https://github.com/wyldckat/localFoamToTecplot360#using-zip-or-tar Using Zip or Tar]


== Using Git ==
Run the following instructions as normal user:
<ol>
<li>
Assuming you have <tt>git</tt> already installed and a working OpenFOAM installation, run:
<pre>mkdir -p $WM_PROJECT_USER_DIR
cd $WM_PROJECT_USER_DIR
git clone git://github.com/wyldckat/localFoamToTecplot360.git
cd localFoamToTecplot360</pre>
</li>

<li>Now check the list of branches that exist:
<pre>git branch -a</pre>
You should see something like this:
<pre>* master
  remotes/origin/master
  remotes/origin/of17
  remotes/origin/of20
  remotes/origin/of21
</pre>
The ones that start with <tt>of</tt> indicate for which versions of OpenFOAM this repository is currently working.
</li>

<li>So for example, if you are using OpenFOAM 2.1.1, then ''checkout'' the respective branch:
<pre>git checkout of21</pre>
</li>

<li>Now you can launch the build process:
<pre>./Allwmake</pre>
It will do everything pretty much autonomous, although midway it asks for you to press the ''Enter'' keyboard key when the <tt>libtecio</tt> library is built.
</li>

<li>It should end with a line similar to this one:
<pre></pre>
</li>

<li>
</li>
</ol>


== Using Zip or Tar ==
TODO...
